sit
I have one thing to announce at this meeting
Company board resolution
This Antong new product launch event was quite good.
Appointed An Tong as the general manager of the company
In addition, due to Xu Zeyu's work mistakes
Be expelled
What did the urchin chairperson say about work mistakes?
Is an excuse
Are you being looked for by the nurse?
That's why I lost my job
What nonsense are you talking about?
I don't understand at all
Stop pretending. You said before that you would become the general manager.
Won't let us go
No, who else could you be?
Maybe you used me to help Lin
The more you cheat the investors' retribution
Xu Zeyu
Don't you have Lin Yue?
How is it not working?
Also lost his job
Don't think I'm gone
You can cover the sky in the company
It's not enough to cover the sky with one hand
But bullying and bullying your Lin Yue
It's still possible.
I'm sick of seeing you two in and out of the company
How did you become like this?
I still have work to do
Not as idle as you
Too lazy to talk to you